#Hantec Webtrader 
#Quick Start Manual

#What is Hantec WebTrader
Hantec WebTrader is a web-based trading platform designed for fast, flexible, and secure access to the financial markets—without the need to download or install any software.
#With WebTrader, you can:
Log in to your trading account from any web browser
Trade your favourite instruments with real time execution
Access live prices, advanced charting, and other tools
Seamless Access
Log in with your MetaTrader credentials—
no new setup required.
Multi‑Account Connectivity
Link multiple live and demo accounts to
easily switch between them when trading.
One‑Click Trading
Execute market, limit, or stop orders
directly in a single click.
Live prices and charts
Analyse charts and trends, and see prices
in real time, as you trade.
Real‑Time Position Monitoring
Track open positions and pending orders,
and see your overall trading performance.
Bulk Position Controls
Close all, profitable, or losing positions in
bulk to manage risk efficiently.
No Downloads or Installation
Just open your browser, log in, and start
trading.
Track Your Favourite Assets
From top picks and market gainers, to
your preferred symbols for trading.
Getting Started
Visit the Hantec WebTrader login portal
Choose Live Account or Demo Account
Sign in with your MetaTrader credentials
Trading
Features
Trade Better.
View candlestick or line charts with
live pricing
Time frames from 1 minutes to 1 month
Map trendlines, cross lines, Fibonacci Retracement & more
Moving averages, RSI and all other indicators
Order types Market, Limit or Stop orders
Trade in lots or units For complete flexibility
Stop-loss and take-profit limits So you can stay in control
Bulk position management Close all positions, or profitable or losing positions only
One-click trading For instant trade execution
Navigating on Hantec WebTrader
Navigate through the portal from the left-hand panel,
consisting of three main sections:
Trade
Access live charts, real-time pricing and technical
indicators.
Place Buy or Sell orders, or enable One-Click
Trading for trade execution with a single click.
View and manage open positions and pending
orders.
Markets
View top market gainers and losers, assets you
are trading, or watchlisted symbols.
To watchlist a symbol, simple click the star icon
next to it and it will be added to your Favourites
Assets
View and manage open positions and pending
orders.
View your overall profitability and portfolio.
You can also access additional features from the
top Navigation Bar.
Search: Quickly find symbols you are searching
for
Account Details: View balance, equity, margin,
profit/loss and more
Manage Funds: Direct access to your Client
Portal for deposits or withdrawals
Switch Accounts: Click the account dropdown to
switch between linked live and demo accounts
Other: View and manage notifications, linked
devices, passwords and more
